The Heavenly Teacher service has been received.
Junior sister opens the last treat
Hey, why is there nothing here?
I have also checked all the rivers and lakes forces in the past few days.
But
I can't seem to find the way to the third magic weapon
Since you came here to be safe
Since there is no
We'll find Bi Chenzhu first and then make a decision
Well, wait until tomorrow
I submitted a subscription with the king
The evidence of collusion with the Demon Cult is still unclear
That's right.
I just received a message from Fairy Swallow
He said he would arrive in the capital tomorrow
It seems like I have something to tell you.
Since the master is coming
Then there shouldn't be anything to worry about.
But I don't know why I have a hunch
Something will happen tomorrow.
Sang Ming heard that you and General Qi died in Overseas Chinese City
Found the murderer who corrupted the Dragon Temple
He also got justice for the old soldiers of the Qi Army
You are Naguoshi's surname in the middle of the week?
This is the Emperor Chen Zhu promised to you before.
Thank you, Your Majesty
Jiajia minister and daughter have one more thing to report
But it's okay to say
This memorial records the second princess in hell
Collusion with magic
Evidence of feeding guests
Ask the emperor to deal with the second princess
Give the world justice
This second princess
To rebel
Someone will hold the second princess accountable in front of the treatment hall
The empress will ask Gomben Gong with only one memorial
It really makes Ben Gong sad